Quick setup section & .bs.js -> .res.js (#759)
rescript-association/rescript-lang.org: pages/docs/manual/latest/installation.mdx

```

</CodeTab>

- Follow the steps of the setup.
- Trigger a ReScript build:
  ```sh
  npm run res:build
  ```
- If you selected the basic theme, simply run it with:
  ```sh
  node src/Demo.res.js
  ```

That compiles your ReScript into JavaScript, then uses Node.js to run said JavaScript. **We recommend you use our unique workflow of keeping a tab open for the generated `.res.js` file**, so that you can learn how ReScript transforms into JavaScript. Not many languages output clean JavaScript code you can inspect and learn from!

During development, instead of running `npm run res:build` each time to compile, use `npm run res:dev` to start a watcher that recompiles automatically after file changes.

## Integrate Into an Existing JS Project

If you already have a JavaScript project into which you'd like to add ReScript you can do that in the following ways:

### Quick Setup

In the root directory of your project, execute:
<CodeTab labels={["npm", "npx", "yarn", "pnpm", "bun"]}>

```sh
npm create rescript-app
```
```sh
npx create-rescript-app
```
```sh
yarn create rescript-app
```
```sh
pnpm create rescript-app
```
```sh
bun create rescript-app
```

</CodeTab>

> It should mention that a `package.json` file has been detected and asks you if it should install ReScript into your project. Just follow the steps accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create-rescript-app will tell you that a `package.json` file has been detected and ask you if it should install ReScript into your project. Just follow the steps accordingly.
```

## New Project

### Quick Setup

```sh

> npm create rescript-app

Reviewer 2: npm or `npx create-rescript-app`?

Author: why not everything?
<img width="727" alt="image" src="https://github.com/rescript-association/rescript-lang.org/assets/18074327/17f568e2-00a1-45f1-aadd-66cb28c37847">

Reviewer 2: hahaha

```

1. Follow the steps of the setup.
2. Trigger a ReScript build

```sh
npm run res:build
```

3. If you selected the basic theme, simply run it with

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```sh
```
